Update README.md (#170)
jellyfin/jellycon: README.md

## Installation

#### 1. Adding the Jellyfin repository

https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/clients/kodi.html#install-add-on-repository

#### 2. Install JellyCon Add-on

- From within Kodi, navigate to "Add-on Browser"
- Select "Install from Repository"
- Choose "Kodi Jellyfin Add-ons", followed by "Video Add-ons"
- Select the JellyCon add-on and choose install

#### 3. Login

- Within a few seconds after the installation you should be prompted for your server details.
- If a Jellyfin server is detected on your local network, it will displayed in a dialog. Otherwise, you will be prompted to enter the URL of your Jellyfin server

> - A "Quick Connect" code will be displayed. Which can be used to Login without the need of credentials, once you enter it on your Jellyfin server under "User Settings" -> "Quick Connect"
> - Alternatively you can select "Manual Login" to select a user from the list, or Manual Login using your username and password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If Quick Connect is enabled in the server, a code will be displayed that you can use to log in via Quick Connect in the web UI or a mobile app.
- If Quick Connect is not enabled, or if you select the "Manual Login" button, you will be able to select a user from the list, or manually login using your username and password.
```

## Installation

#### 1. Adding the Jellyfin repository
https://jellyfin.org/docs/general/clients/kodi.html#install-add-on-repository

#### 2. Install JellyCon Add-on

- From within Kodi, navigate to "Add-on Browser"
- Select "Install from Repository"
- Choose "Kodi Jellyfin Add-ons", followed by "Video Add-ons"
- Select the JellyCon add-on and choose install

#### 3. Login

- Within a few seconds after the installation you should be prompted for your server details.
- If a Jellyfin server is detected on your local network, it will displayed in a dialog. Otherwise, you will be prompted for a URL

> - Select a user from the list, or Manual Login to type in a username/password

Author: I don't have a problem editing the file to your wishes. The difficulty is, that I am not very sufficient in git. So the best path for the edits is not clear to me.

> - Select a user from the list, or Manual Login to type in a username/password

Author: Do I do a full on new pull request?

> - Select a user from the list, or Manual Login to type in a username/password

Reviewer 2: You can make your changes on your existing branch, and push those up. Then they appear on this PR, no need for a new PR

> - Select a user from the list, or Manual Login to type in a username/password

Author: Did the push work?
